JK Cement Ltd. is one of India’s leading manufacturers of Grey Cement and one of the leading White Cement manufacturers in the World. Over five decades, the Company has partnered with India's multi-sectoral infrastructure needs on the strength of its product excellence, customer orientation, and technology leadership. JKCement commenced operations with the launch of its flagship grey cement unit in Nimbahera, Rajasthan, in May 1975.
As of now, the company has an installed capacity of 25.26 million tons per annum (MnTPA) for grey cement, positioning it among the top cement manufacturers in the country. JKCement is also a leading global manufacturer of white cement, with a total white cement capacity of 1.12 MnTPA in India, and a wall putty capacity of 1.33 MnTPA. JK White Cement products are sold in 36 countries worldwide, and the company has a robust international presence through its subsidiaries, JK Cement Works Fujairah FZC and JK White Cement (Africa) Ltd.
OUR VISION:
To be the preferred manufacturer of cement and cement-based products that partners in nation building, engages with its community and cares for all stakeholders.
OUR MISSION:
JK Cement aims to deliver innovative products and solutions that meet the needs of its customers. Together with our exceptional people and strong stakeholder relationships, we commit to the highest standards of quality, productivity, sustainability and performance that drive shareholder value and long-term success.
Our Values:
1. Integrity-Honour Our Commitments
We are committed to being honest and ethical in all interactions, maintaining the highest ethical standards in all our market, financial and operational practices.
2. Quality-Strive for Perfection
We are passionate about creating a culture of perfection that encourages and promotes excellence in products and services through innovation and continuous improvement.
3. Trust-Take Pride in Our Promises
We are serious about accepting the responsibility to win and maintain the trust of our stakeholders.
4. Care-Observe, Understand, Assist
We genuinely care about our relationships and use compassion to observe and understand stakeholder needs, and be available to assist in improving the lives of all.
5. People-Empower, Inspire and Respect
We treat one another with respect and collaborate openly. All ideas are welcome, and we value diversity and perspective.
Remembering Our Mentor:
A true visionary and a champion of change, Late Shri Yadupati Singhaniaji inspired JKCement to deliver its absolute best and push boundaries to create value for all stakeholders. It is his vision that has propelled the company towards continuous growth, making it an integral part of India’s growth story. His vision reflects in everything at JKCement, from core ethos, to the ongoing mission of transformation. A man of few words, whose actions spoke volumes; he led the way for millions as an industrialist, visionary and a nation builder.
The new corporate identity of JKCement is a tribute to him. Commemorating his vision, values and legacy, JKCement is determined to continue on the path he carved out and carry his legacy of excellence and humility forward.
